# Rationale for Course Topics Aligning with Designs

1. Gestalt Principles
  * Proximity - The menu arrangement is done in a way that places related experiences close to each other (i.e. in the same menu) so that the user-expereince remains smooth and effortless.
  
2. Constructivism
 * By following the first lecture (teaching philosophy), we understand Constructivism in education meaning learning to focus on how we actively create (or “construct”) knowledge out of our experiences.

3. Discoverability & Understandability
  * By following Norman’s doors, a story we understand how Discoverability (What action is required and how to perform them) and Understandability (Meaning of sign and how design is used, what are the various settings and controls means) is needed for good design. As well as, we considered Low threshold, high ceiling concept for our design. it means the user can easily learn then and become master by following step by step process.
   
4. Gulf of Execution and Gulf of Evaluation
  * When a non-experience user comes they face these two problems. So, our goal is to bridge these two gulfs by using our design. That's why we add some new ideas like a sticky menu, back to top button, footer section, Blog sidebar, search box, etc.
  
5. False-consensus effect
  * By following this theory, we are not users we create low fidelity design using our empathy mapping. As well as, we also followed human thoughts concept for making our design.
  
6. High-level Process
  * By this, first, we decided our target customer for our design. Then, we thought of their needs and desires in the context of their real-life situations. After that, we tried to build this idea in a visual way. Then, from the last meeting with RCE members, we evaluated the prototypes with customers to get feedback and learn what they needed so that we know what to focus on in the future. So, now in our high-fidelity design we will try to refine our prototype design again accordingly.
  
7. Natural mappings 
  * We used this concept for deciding the perfect place for content so that the user can easily understand the meaning of this and it will help them to use these tools.

8. Metaphor
  * We used this concept to see how content looks like in a symbolic way so someone can understand the meaning of this easily. For example, the search tool symbol (magnifier glass or magnifier glass with the word search), menu-bar( 3 lines horizontally), My Account(user icon), Back to top icon (showing upper arrow in a right-bottom corner), Chat icon (looks like comment symbol), Social icon symbol, Mail symbol for email, location symbol for address, phone symbol for a contact number, video call (film recorder symbol), Notification(bell symbol), settings (3 dots horizontally), drop-down( down triangle), Pagination(two greater than sign together), Required (red star), etc.

9. Tunnel vision & Fresh Snow
  * Following this concept, we did some brainstorming for ideas and focused on quantity instead of quality for creating empathy mapping then marinated our ideas before creating our low fidelity mockups.
  
10. Human Error
  * Follwing this lecture, we understand that people mostly blame themselves when error ocuures but error is generated by design of technology and process that introduce error.
  
11. Safe-Fail Design
  * We understand that it is better to follow safe-fail design approach.
  
12. Good Prototype
  * Here we understand that our prototype shold be quickly created and tested, not that much fancy, not time-consuming and should be focused.
  
13. User control and Freedom
  * Follwing this concept, we did understand that user have freedom to control the situation.
  
14. Transparency
  * Here we understand that when we are working with target customer or product owner they have every right to know how their data and information is going to be used.
  
15. Feedback Collection
  * For this concept we conclude that all user feedback collected using language of their so we can understand their empathy very well. For example, we make note on customer insights then using this we create team insights documentation.
  
16. Complex design
  * Here we understand that complex design is better than complicated design. Because complex design is kind of high application design. it give user to grow their knowledge step by step.
  
17. Balance
  * From this concept we understand that it is our responsibility to create balance between costs, project schedules, cost,etc.
  
18. Good Designer Procedure
  * We undestand that good designer always start by asking question about the problem to find the root problem of customer issue. Like we follow fast feedback cycle for this project.
  
19. Divergence and Convergence
  * In the starting of project we work on brainstorming idea then make USM to undestand the customer need this is called divergence. Then we focus on most user tested solution this is called convergence.
  
20. End to End Experience
  * Our design should have focus on end to end experience.
  
21. Force User behaviours Tool
  * We understand that it is okay that if we have force user behaviour tool. it will limit the unsafe and dangereous interations.
  
22. Complexity
  * Here we understand that complexity can be complicated and satisfying. As well as, we can manage complexity by crafting good conceptual model.
  
  
